Li Junjie
Aren't you very proud of the Matcha Group?
Why are you acting like a lost dog now?
Also call for an invitation
Aha you were fucking attacked
We have the ability
You just have a fair fight with Lao Tzu
I asked Shen Yi to come over
Farewell to you, you resist in front of me
You Western dogs
You are just afraid of losing your job
That's why you came here to attack
The taste of being defeated by one move
Let it go hahaha
No one can stop us this time
You can't do it, neither can anyone use that low-level pariah
All of you
The end result will only be surrendered at our feet
Go to hell.
Want me to submit
Pull your mother over to persuade Lao Tzu
Ask him to hand over the True Heaven Group
Thirteen generations of Mr. Li Zhentian
It was you who took the initiative to hand over Zhentian Group
Or let me plant you
As long as you hand it over obediently
I'll give you a chance.
Let you be a dog in my name
Hahahahaha
It seems that the lesson taught you last time was not bad
How dare you speak nonsense